Vagrant goodhosts (#2148)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

* Cleaned up leftover `nvm` removal code from main provisioner ( #2185 )

> * Support for new plugin `vagrant-goodhosts` to replace in the future `vagrant-hostsupdater`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for `vagrant-goodhosts`, we recommend using this in the future instead of `vagrant-hostsupdater`
```
